throw down that spell and piss them off
they're obviously on their period or
something because they are definitely
PMSing over there
what's up guys my name is cool and
welcome back to a friend that's right
you guys today we are gonna be unveiling
the powerful the mighty go vagina and
and you're probably like the ITTF that
sounds disgusting well you know what it
sounds pretty fucking hot to me so shut
the fuck up
but yeah so let's make our way over to
our army camps right here and check out
what the army is all about so right here
we have 10 Giants we have some archers
we have some Valkyries and we have some
golems put all those together in a soup
bowl and you're gonna get some go vagina
so obviously it's not all about the
troops you also need some spells to go
along with this troop composition making
it the most powerful in the whole
freaking game but we have to rate spells
one jump spell and one heal spell make
sure these are the spells you were using
otherwise your vagina will fail so let's
go ahead and find a base to attack with
our vagina and I will see you guys in a
sec okay you guys so here's the base
that we are gonna be go vagina eing
if that's even a word but here's a
townhall 9 he has a shit ton of loot and
we're going for it
so obviously you're gonna want to drop
down your golem first let's go ahead and
attack from the top side because fuck
that clan castle so let's go first with
the golem followed up by some giants to
put down some cover fire archers all the
way in the back once we break through
these initial walls we're gonna want to
bring out our Valkyries and they're just
gonna do some epic damage on the space
so first let's jump down that jump down
that jump spell and let's go ahead and
watch our troops go through the base
looks like our golem is getting beat up
by those archer towers but that's okay
he still seems to be alive and well the
Giants and everything else is going just
as planned time for the Valkyries as
they walked through the base like no
problem following that jump spell just
like any good Valkyrie should let's not
forget about our Archer Queen and our
barb King they are also gonna help out
in this raid looks like some of our
troops are getting weak so let's drop a
heal spell on those Giants once we get
near the center we're actually gonna use
our rape spell so let's save a few of
our archers tell you and but this is
taking forever King come on make some
progress let's go ahead and rage him up
at the speed
light our Valkyries are doing some work
over here let's give them a little rage
throw down that spell and piss them off
they're obviously on their period or
something because they are definitely
PMSing over there put him in a rage
spell and see what happens we're making
their way to the town hall ready look at
that we already have 50% and we only
have to use three of our spells not bad
if you ask me we have I believe our
golem is still up we have our barbarian
king we have our Archer Queen we have
some of our Giants up and a lot of our
Valkyries are going around the base
smacking shit up let's go ahead and drop
the rest of our archers and look for a
good place to drop down this raid spell
so why not in the center because
obviously that's probably the best place
cuz that's where a lot of our trips are
come on quayne get in that rage spell
alright so we raised our golem our king
and the queen is doing stupid shit like
usual wow we still have one of our
Valkyries over here she's slasher
two of them oh my god two girls are
inside each other this is so hot look at
that shit alright um so so far we have
two stars on this base we're looking for
a hundred percent victory let's help
them out with a clan castle take out
some of these outside buildings
hopefully these defenses get focused on
this golem right here as they broke into
two little baby golems that stupid-ass
Tesla took out our Valkyrie but that's
okay our heroes are not gonna let this
raid go to shit come on Archer Queen
take out some of the storages our clan
castle troops are coming in from the
outside going up these frickin serious
business crazy alright ninety percent of
chief would go for total victory come on
King alright they just took out that our
to tell her the candidate is doing work
on our troops though but that's okay
just backing away at that wizard tower
like a little bitch and he's not gonna
do much the only thing standing in our
way of total destruction is this one
puny little level 1 Tesla as well as
that cannon is gonna put up some
problems but let's see if the King has
enough time he has no more ability we
used to earlier really stupidly we're
probably not gonna get out to present
you guys but as you can see this
strategy is so effective I mean come on
go vagina for the win so if you guys
really enjoyed this strategy like I did
please leave a like on this video and
let's go ahead and share this video and
give it to the most shared and huge
strategy in all of clash of clans so
there you go 96% victory a lot of loot
use all our spells clan
and all the troops above you guys have a
great day and as always people my name
is Cole and keep on clashing